docs: add a reference doc for the new python plugin (#994)
canonical/rockcraft: docs/reference/plugins/python_v2_plugin.rst

.. include:: /common/craft-parts/reference/plugins/python_v2_plugin.rst
    :end-before: .. _python_v2_plugin-keywords:

.. admonition:: Updated plugin

>     This plugin supersedes the legacy :doc:`python_plugin`.
> 
>     It is selected by default when building with the ``ubuntu@25.10`` base or newer.
> 
>     For more information, see <LINK-TO-USRMERGE-EXPLANATION>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This reference is for the **Python (v2)** plugin, which is available for base 
    ``ubuntu@25.10`` or higher.
    
    For the legacy version, see :doc:`python_plugin`. For an explanation of why 
    there are different versions of this plugin, see <LINK-TO-USRMERGE-EXPLANATION>.
```
